Remove TrueField type in CORS (#3895)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: geps/gep-1767/index.md

    //   Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://foo.example
    //   Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
    //
    // When set to false, the gateway will omit the header
    // `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` entirely (this is the standard CORS
    // behavior).
    //
    // Support: Extended

>     AllowCredentials bool `json:"allowCredentials"`

Reviewer: Same here, of course.

Access-Control-Expose-Headers: Content-Security-Policy
```

###  Disabling credentials

To explicitly disable credentials for cross-origin requests, set
`allowCredentials` to `false`:

```yaml
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: HTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: http-route-cors-no-credentials
spec:
  hostnames:
  - http.route.cors.com
  parentRefs:
  - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: Gateway
    name: http-gateway
  rules:
  - backendRefs:
    - kind: Service
      name: http-route-cors
      port: 80
    matches:
    - path:
        type: PathPrefix
        value: /resource/bar
    filters:
    - cors:
        allowOrigins:
        - https://foo.example
        allowCredentials: false
        allowMethods: 
        - GET
        - POST
      type: CORS
```

> In this case, the gateway will not include the

Author: Would you mind writing up a suggestion, to better detail what you're thinking?

Access-Control-Expose-Headers: Content-Security-Policy
```

###  Disabling credentials

To disable credentials for cross-origin requests, simply don't set the

> `allowCredentials` field at all. Or if you prefer to be explicit, you can
> set it to `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowCredentials` field at all. If you prefer to be explicit, you can
set it to `false`, although this will generally not be necessary:
```
